TOPICS--

1] Class and objects
2] Access Modifiers
3] Getters and Setters
4] Constructors
5] Encapsulation
6] Abstraction
7] Inheritance
8] Polymorphism



⭐ what is oops- The method in which the code always revolves around the object.

⭐ Class --
   class classname
   { 

   };

⭐ object- 


⭐ Access Modifiers --
   used to assign the accessibilty of class members like variables, functions, contructors, etc.
   public -  so the classes, objects, variables can be accessed to the main function.
   private - so the things only can be accessed in the particular class.
   protected - 

⭐ Getter and Setter-- 
   used to access private members of class as well as to get and set the value of it.
   We can use getter and setter for all the access Modifiers but for private Modifiers it should strictly be use.

⭐constructor -- 
   used so that we dont have to define again and again 

⭐ Encapsulation --
  to get all data members and data function in a same class
  we can make class-read only by this.
  we can hide the data member by this


⭐ Abstraction- 
   To provide only some information and hiding the implemantation details to user.
   It means it used to hide the internal information about the code by providing only info needed.
   Eg] When you send email, you just have to click send button and sent message is appeared. You dont
   know what happens when you click send or how data is transmitted over network etc.
   We implement it using Class which groups data according to access Modifiers.

--> Encapsulation is binding the data while Abstraction is hiding the data.

⭐ Inheritance-
  To create a derived/child class from the base/parent class.
  In this, child class derives all the feature of parent class and can have additional features also.
  Reuse the code fucntionality, fast time implemantation
  
  Modes of Inheritance - Public, protected, private.

  Types of Inheritance- 
  1. Single Inheritance - Single child class with single parent class (class A --> Class B)
  2. Multilevel - child class becomes the parent class for another child class (class A --> class B --> class C) 
  3. Multiple - child class have more than one parent class. 
  4. Heirarical - one class is parent class of more than one child class
  5. Hybrid - Combination of any two or more types of Inheritance.


⭐ Polymorphism - 
   Means many forms
   concept that allows as to perfome single action in a different ways.
   Eg; A male can be a Father, Brother, Husband, etc, in this a single person have different behaviours is knows an Polymorphism.

   Types of Polymorphism- 
   1] Compile time poly (Static) - Functoin oveloading, operator overloading
   2] Runtime poly (dynamic) - method overriding/ virtual function

   a] Function oveloading - multiple fucn in class with same name but different parameters
                            func can be overloaded by using diff numbers or types of arguments.

   b] operator oveloading - an operation having multiple tasks.
                     eg] + operator have task to add two operands, but we can make it to subtract two operands, etc etc

   2,a] Method overriding - can redifne the methods of parent class in a child class.
        means, sometimes child class is not satisfied with the methods of parent class, so it can redifine the methods in child class.


